Hello, how are you guys? My name is Biodebay! As you can see
I changed my desk again
I'm in this new place, it's very cool and it's my place I am
It certainly is ..
Felix - my office I'm Jack - I chose the wrong house, stupid!
Jack - this is where I am, my cell-lined Felix - I knew you were crazy
Felix: I knew you were one of those people.
We'll ring (five weird things online)
With Jack Spidiese
Felix - the first thing Jack - what will you start? Felix - I do not know
Let's start at the top. I have this great box of stuff that I bought from online
Jack-my God, Santa Claus
Felix - Well, let's start with something trivial, but I want to try it
Jack - what's called? Erzuka!
Felix - Yes !!
Jack - this game twice the size of this boy
Felix - Yes, I feel that the scale is not true
For this
Felix - if these are bazookas
This seems to need a great effort to assemble it
Jack-no, looks great!
Felix - What the hell is this ?!
Jack - looks like something used by the dreaded Mega Man
Felix - yes, it seems so
Maybe you should read the instructions
Felix - Are you ready? What are you doing?
Jacques-Bazinka ..
Felix-Bazinka! Are you ready to explode, my friend ?!
Felix - how? Jack-no, you should pull him like that
Felix - I knew this
Damn! Well I understand now
Felix - What distance should I ... Jack - I do not know!
Felix - are you afraid now, young man?
I used to make fun of him before
Felix - I can see your stupid face from here as well
(Jack) My God! (Felix) Was it bad? (Jack) was like .. Boom!
No!!
Well are you ready?
Jack - if you blink, you'll lose
Jack - that's too bad!
Felix - Thank God there was protection here
(Felix) Did you really break it? (Jack) No .. Oh yeah I did
Jack - this works well
O Jesus Christ!
Jack-and-sound as well
Felix - Yes, it scares you a bit
FELECIS 3 2 1
Felix - How do I look?
Jack - looks very strange
Jack - Look at the camera
(Felix) I can not see anything (Jack) You're very close
Jack, my God
Felix - I can not see myself in the screen even
(See himself in the screen) Oh my God !!
(Felix) What about Zik? (Jack) Very good!
(Felix) is very cool (Jack) and comfortable (Felix) very cool!
Felix - I love him too
Felix - When I wore it, I remembered .. when I was five years old
In the nursery, she played the character of Peter Pan
Yes, I had exactly the same outfit
But he was a pseudonym. I said: Well, he is not my king
So should I take off my inner pants?
(Jack) What ?! (Felix) I do not know was disgusting
(Jack) But you made him even more disgusting (Felix) I know! I did not think because I was a child well?
Felix - so I was naked on stage with him
(Jack) So? (Felix) Yes!
(Jack) Bold move (Felix) Yes of course
Felix - Well to see what we have here
Jack - I think I saw something inside, I'm excited about it
(Felix) What did you see? (Jack) will not tell you
Jack - I will not tell you, Felix
(Jack) I want kids games !! (Felix) Children Games?
Of course, for my cheek
shut up!
(Jack) What? (Felix) Do not worry, Jack Spidiese!
I have Robo Twist!
My God!!!!
He can wrap anything, I think he needs batteries
I'm excited about this
Imagine if an unmanned aerial vehicle flew over it
And then damaged
(Felix) There will be no effort (Jack) if we have another open box!
are you ready?
(Jack) Calm down, my mechanic (Felix) stops winding, my God
Will not stop!
I will not trust the ball again
(Felix) How it works (Jack) I do not know
Yeah!
Yes, Robo Twist !!
I was expecting this to break in my hand
(Felix) that he would not stop (Jack) that he wanted to continue only
(Jack) This was great! (Felix) What can defeat this?
What defeats Robo Twist?
I wanted to use them for a long time
Because our clothes are similar
(Jack) Yes! (Felix) we get ..
That's what I saw in the box and I'm very happy
Jack - except he might need Felix batteries - really?
Heck for Jack Ceptec
I'll play without him
Jack - do you insult me? Felix - no! Jack - You bitch!
He's a whore
I will challenge you
So what is the most troublesome thing about 2 Uyobbers whose voice is very high?
It's like looking at my voice
My God, stop! O Jesus Christ
We have to play something together
(Jack) I do not know (Felix) This was great!
I learned something from the Zelda game
what the hell?!
Mouth again
Are you the best orchestra player in Sweden?
Of course thank you
It's very nice though
What could be better? Damn I forgot that I have wings now
Jack, do you like reading?
Um .. No!
Well, I have something for you
Readers lazy!
And what the hell ?!
(Jack) Are these women's glasses? (Felix) they are more women's glasses
They suit your clothes
My God, this is very strange!
I walk and see my feet
Hello boy!
I saw..
I've seen your eyes!
Can you see me, boy? I do not know if they can see me
I do not see Ari
They are very strange
(Felix) They like playing a game (Jack) They are also clear
(FLEX) and knob also, this is awesome!
I understand it!
that's cool!
My God
I purchased this ...
She had bad reviews
Stop doing this, it's scary
This is really cool!
Well I'll pass it on to you, are you ready?
We were just grabbing our hands
Are you ready?
one more time!
The last thing
Felix - the last thing Jack, are you ready? Jack-yes
I love this, bra change life
Change life bra? we will see
(Jack) It's a bra really? (Felix) Yes, but I do not know your size so I brought the little one
Yes, this is accurate
No
Well this has become very abrupt suddenly
This is your channel in 2017
Do you want to help?
Look like a Hawaiian dancer
These are coconut
This is what turned him into YouTube in 2017, high voices
Jack - and Felix 's defection - leave admiration and lose Jack' s channel
If you have not already done this for some reason, as usual
Fist of sisters
What is the sound of 1000 jack septics ie combined?
It's darude-sandstorm
We'll find out how to play someday, oh that's true!
This is very good
We will accept this